## Product Information: Core Trio QI Charger

**Overview:** The Core Trio QI Charger is the ultimate travel companion
for seamless and efficient charging. With its 3-in-1 design, it
simplifies your charging experience by offering a sleek, compact, and
powerful solution. The charger is designed to eliminate the hassle of
tangled cords while providing compatibility with multiple devices.

**Specifications:**

- **Charging Pads:**

  - 15W magnetic pad for smartphones and other mobile devices, ensuring
    fast and efficient charging.

  - 5W charging pad for AirPods or any second wireless-enabled device.

  - Built-in Apple® Watch charger for convenient, cable-free charging of
    your smartwatch.

- **Compatibility:**

  - Compatible with all Qi-enabled devices, including smartphones,
    earbuds, and smartwatches.

  - Works seamlessly with Apple®, Samsung®, and other leading brands.

- **Design:**

  - Compact and lightweight for easy portability, perfect for travel or
    home use.

  - Anti-slip surface to securely hold your devices during charging.

  - Minimalist white finish to complement any space.

- **Safety Features:**

  - Overcharge protection to prevent battery damage.

  - Temperature control and short-circuit protection.

**Warning:** This product contains chemicals known to the state of
California to cause cancer, birth defects, or other reproductive harm.
For more information, please visit [California Prop 65
Warning](https://merchandise.cisco.com/order-return).

**FAQs:**

1.  **What devices are compatible with the Core Trio QI Charger?** The
    charger is compatible with all Qi-enabled devices, including
    smartphones, earbuds, and smartwatches from major brands like Apple®
    and Samsung®.

2.  **Does the Core Trio QI Charger support fast charging?** Yes, the
    15W magnetic pad supports fast charging for mobile devices that are
    compatible with this feature.

3.  **Can I use the Core Trio QI Charger internationally?** The charger
    is designed to work with standard USB power adapters. Be sure to use
    an adapter compatible with the voltage and plug type of your
    destination.

4.  **What should I do if my device is not charging properly?**

    - Ensure your device is Qi-enabled.

    - Check for obstructions, such as thick cases or metallic items,
      that might interfere with wireless charging.

    - Make sure the charger is connected to a compatible power adapter.

For further assistance, contact Cisco Merchandise Store Support at
support@cisco-merchandise.com.

## Cisco Store - Orders and Returns

**When will I receive my order?**

In-stock products typically ship the next business day after you’ve
placed your order. Once the order has been dispatched, you will
automatically be sent a tracking number to the email address that you
provided during checkout. The delivery time will depend upon your
selected shipping method and where the order is being shipped.

**When will I receive a product if it's on back order? **

We regularly review inventory levels to minimize the number of
out-of-stock items. Unfortunately, there can be factors that are outside
of our control – such as the manufacturer having no inventory – which
would lead to an item being temporarily out of stock on the Cisco®
Store. Typically, we receive inventory of back-ordered items within one
to four weeks. Once the item has been dispatched to you, you will be
sent an email with the tracking number.

**How much is the shipping for my order?**

Shipping charges are calculated based upon the total volume and weight
of your order. The website has an integration with UPS so that you
receive the most up-to-date freight charges. During checkout, once
you’ve entered your shipping address, you will have a choice of freight
services, from Next Day to Ground. Each of these options will show the
related shipping fee.

**Can products be shipped to PO boxes?**

Our chosen freight partner is UPS. Unfortunately, UPS does not currently
ship to PO box addresses.

**Will I be charged sales tax?**

In states where our commerce service provider and fulfillment partners
have operations, we are required to charge sales tax on product
purchases as well as shipping and handling. The Cisco Store currently
collects sales tax in the following states: California, North Carolina,
New York, Illinois and Texas.

**What is the policy and process for returns?**

Products that have not been used and are in new condition may be
returned within 30 days at the cost of the buyer, Cisco do not cover
return fees. Please email <merchstore-help@external.cisco.com> and a
member of the team will be happy to help arrange this for you.

**Can I place an order via telephone or email?**

We ask and encourage you to place your order online, as you’ll receive
an instant confirmation that your order has been placed. If you would
prefer to place your order by email, please contact us
at <merchstore-help@external.cisco.com> and a member of the team will
respond within 4 hours during business hours. Alternatively, you can
call a member of the team at 646.603.6925 between 9 a.m. and 7 p.m. EST
Monday through Friday.

**How can I track my order?**

Once your order has been dispatched, you will automatically be sent an
email with the tracking information for your package. Alternatively, you
can check your order status in the My Account section of the website.
